but if you look at society human beings
throughout history have valued things
that are difficult so like you know if
you meet the mayor of a city versus the
President of the United States there's
people in general but generally speaking
we value people who accomplish our
things right and so there's something in
our brain that gets a lot of
gratification from completing a hard
task and this is what we want to do for
our kids right we want to encourage them
to like feel proud of getting an A and
they do feel proud of anything we've got
we encourage them to valued overcoming
difficulty and succeeding so what a
videogame does so the interesting thing
about the videogame ever had a
fascinating paper which talked about the
reason that video games are addictive is
not because of the reward but because
it's a denial so if you think about a
video game you know they're not easy
right if they're easy they're no fun so
if you really talk to people about what
they enjoy about playing the video game
especially something like fortnight so
if a fortnight is a game where like a
hundred people fight against each other
in arena and there's only one winner
there's only so 99% of the time
statistically you're gonna lose it for
me and that's why isn't it because
that's 1% when you are king of the hill
you're brainy doesn't differentiate
between graduating from medical school
and winning the game before